Arpit | Artificial Neural Networks | Added README (#55)
NishkarshRaj/100DaysofMLCode: 9_Deep_Learning/Artificial_Neural_Networks/README.md

![Flowchart Backprop](https://github.com/aceking007/Resources/blob/main/NeuralNets/backprop.jpg)

## The Algorithm after Creating a Neural Network

Initialization
- Initialize all weights to random values.

Training (repeat desired number of times)
- Provide input and output values from training data.
- Carry out propagation to get output from input datapoints.
- Test the output value against the real value from the data point.
- Carry out backpropagation for the data point to adjust weights.

Validation
- Use a small part of the dataset (20% in many cases) for validation.
- Provide just the input values.
- Carry out propagation to get the output values.
- Calculate a score based on how well the output compares to actual values.
- If score is good enough, Yay! Else, repeat training with more data points or change connection structure (network topology).

> Finally, [**here**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILsA4nyG7I0&ab_channel=BrandonRohrer) is a video by Brandon Rohrer that explains the functioning of a neural network in the simplest and most intuitive way possible.

Reviewer: Links must be provided in References sub-topic. 
```suggestion
### References

[Deep Learning and Neural Networks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILsA4nyG7I0&ab_channel=BrandonRohrer) - a video by Brandon Rohrer that explains the functioning of a neural network in the simplest and most intuitive way possible.
```
